This project is a web app for tracking tasks, things that need to be done. It's written in python, uses Flask as its web app framework, and uses SQLAlchemy for ORM database access. Each task will have a number of fields that give information about what's to be done, such as summary, description, deadline, expected cost, etc. Each task can depend on other tasks, and in turn have other tasks depend on it (many-to-many relation). A task can also have zero or more tags (one-to-many relation). A task can also have child tasks (one-to-many relation).  There is a feature for cloning a task, which creates a new task with the same summary, description, deadline, etc, with a step for the user to change the values if so desired. Currently, only the single-value fields and tags are copied when cloning a task. Any child tasks are not cloned. Add a checkbox to the page (default unchecked) to allow the user to indicate that all of the child tasks should be cloned as well, such that the new clones of the child tasks will be children of the clone of the parent task. Naturally, this would be recursive, so that grand-children of the original task yield clones that are grand-children of the clone of the original task.

This project is a web app for tracking tasks, things that need to be done. It's written in python, uses Flask as its web app framework, and uses SQLAlchemy for ORM database access. Currently, it uses SQLAlchemy version 1.4, which is rather out of date. The newer version of SQLAlchemy, 2.0+, has a different way of querying the database. Please upgrade the project to use the latest version of SQLAlchemy, along with all relevant changes to the query code. The overall structure of the codebase should not change, nor should the functionality (especially from the end user's perspective). Do not modify the system pip packages. Use the existing virtualenv in the .venv/ subfolder. As you go, if a set of edits form a logical, coherent change to the code, create a git commit for it.


Each task will have a number of fields that give information about what's to be done, such as summary, description, deadline, expected cost, etc. Each task can depend on other tasks, and in turn have other tasks depend on it (many-to-many relation). A task can also have zero or more tags (one-to-many relation). A task can also have child tasks (one-to-many relation).  There is a feature for cloning a task, which creates a new task with the same summary, description, deadline, etc, with a step for the user to change the values if so desired. Currently, only the single-value fields and tags are copied when cloning a task. Any child tasks are not cloned. Add a checkbox to the page (default unchecked) to allow the user to indicate that all of the child tasks should be cloned as well, such that the new clones of the child tasks will be children of the clone of the parent task. Naturally, this would be recursive, so that grand-children of the original task yield clones that are grand-children of the clone of the original task.
